{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12220\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 FAQ
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\

\f0\b Q: How to import the file into Figma?
\f1\b0 \
Please follow this link to get more info https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360041003114-Import-files-into-Figma\
\

\f0\b Q: I need an invoice, where I can request it?\

\f1\b0 All payments are processed by Gumroad and in order to receive an invoice for your purchase, please visit https://customers.gumroad.com/article/194-i-need-an-invoice \
\

\f0\b Q: Can I purchase this product once and use it in more than one project?\

\f1\b0 Yes, you can use it in unlimited projects by purchasing only one license. This is not a license per use and you can reuse illustrations over and over again.\
\

\f0\b Q: Can multiple users share a single license?\

\f1\b0 No, one license is exclusively for one person.\
\

\f0\b Q: I want to change the email address in my Licence. Is it possible?\

\f1\b0 Yes, it is possible. In order to do this please contact me at hello@gregdlubacz.com\
\

\f0\b Q: Do you offer free updates of the product?\

\f1\b0 Yes, all updates are free and in order to get the newest version of the purchased product please follow these instructions https://customers.gumroad.com/article/199-how-do-i-access-my-purchase\
Even if we add more illustrations into the purchased package you will get free update. Every time we release an update we will be sending a newsletter notifying that an update is available and ready to download.\
\

\f0\b Q: I\'92m a student, do you provide discounts?\

\f1\b0 Yes, we provide a 30% discount for students. In order to receive a discount you will be asked for a proof that you are actually a student.\
\

\f0\b Q: I\'92m creating commercial templates. Can I use illustrations in templates that will be sold on various marketplaces?\

\f1\b0 Yes, however you cannot provide source files as a part of your own product. You cannot sell or redistribute Poser illustrations as your own product, share source files with other people. It\'92s perfectly fine to use illustrations in non-editable formats for presentations of your own products.\
\

\f0\b Q: Do you offer refunds?\

\f1\b0 Yes, however this is a digital product and once illustrations are downloaded they become non-refundable.\
\

\f0\b Q: I need custom illustrations created. Can you produce them for me?\

\f1\b0 Yes, please contact us for a quote at: hello@gregdlubacz.com as nothing beats a bespoke illustration. \
\
\
Still need help? Please feel free to contact me if you need any further information hello@gregdlubacz.com\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}